What wasn't sent by Lu Yun?
Why is this a gift from the Zhao family again?
What the hell is going on?
Sure, I'll tell you what.
A bottom layer of junk
How can I afford this peach plum
This is something I rarely listen to. Second brother is not easy.
Until Master Sun successfully ascended to the sky
A congratulatory gift was arranged silently
Hmph, I really don't cry without seeing the coffin
Secretary Zheng told you trash
Who has the final say in Hengyuan Group now?
Director Zhao Xie, Hengyuan Group
Most of the board members are members of the Zhao family
But you hear that, trash?
The garrison enters
I'm afraid there will be sports.
Hengyuan Group, my Zhao family has the final say
My patriarch didn't even speak
Where did the white jade rabbit head come from?
Zhao Li Lianyin
Sun Li is even again
Isn't this equivalent to their Sun Zhao's even tone again?
I took it upon myself to prepare another congratulatory gift
At that time, the pursuit must introduce me to Young Master Sun Xiao
Hahaha, it's a trivial matter.
As expected of a wife cheat
It doesn't change its face when it's exposed.
Linger doesn't want everyone to bring home
My Li family can't afford to lose face. It's really embarrassing
How dare you risk being a congratulatory gift from the Zhao family?
I would never agree to Cher marrying you
Why are you lying?
In the past, when our family had no money
You are all working hard
Why is it like this now?
I don't even know you anymore.
I don't recognize wealth and strength
This kind of person is not driven out
Isn't this rubbish, is our Jiangcun really going to die?
If it is not trash, it should be reversed.